/**************************
* Faris Hijazi
* CS1D
* Assignment 4
**************************/

/* 
    DESCRIPTION:

    Items are first stored in a binary search tree;
    then contents of the tree are printed using the 
    following traversals: in-order, post-order, pre-order, 
    breadth-first.

    Finally the tree is printed by level and parent child 
    relationship
*/

enter value of root node
19
enter value of node
13
value entered in left
enter value of node
888
value entered in right
enter value of node
109
value entered in left
enter value of node
55
value entered in left
enter value of node
118
value entered in right
enter value of node
89
value entered in right
enter value of node
33
value entered in left
enter value of node
1001
value entered in right
enter value of node
18
value entered in right
enter value of node
44
value entered in right
enter value of node
88
value entered in left
enter value of node
12
value entered in left
enter value of node
24
value entered in left
enter value of node
49
value entered in right
enter value of node
7
value entered in left
enter value of node
25
value entered in right
enter value of node
59
value entered in left
enter value of node
28
value entered in right

 tree traversal: inorder
7
12
13
18
19
24
25
28
33
44
49
55
59
88
89
109
118
888
1001

 tree traversal: preorder
19
13
12
7
18
888
109
55
33
24
25
28
44
49
89
88
59
118
1001

 tree traversal: postorder
7
12
18
13
28
25
24
49
44
33
59
88
89
55
118
109
1001
888
19

 tree traversal: breadth first
19 13 888 12 18 109 1001 7 55 118 33 89 24 44 88 25 49 59 28 

 full binary tree
level 1: 19 
level 2: 13 888 
level 3: 12 18 109 1001 
level 4: 7 55 118 
level 5: 33 89 
level 6: 24 44 88 
level 7: 25 49 59 
level 8: 28 























        1001
       /
     888
       \
           118
          /
        109
          \
              89
                \
                 88
                   \
                    59
             /
           55
             \
                    49
                   /
                 44
                /
              33
                \
                       28
                      /
                    25
                   /
                 24
    /
  19
    \
        18
       /
     13
       \
        12
          \
           7
